I am Alejandro Guerra from mexico city
3 years of experience as Mobile app developer 
total 8 years of experience as full stack Software developer
worked as iOS developer in my last position
Built several apps depending on the customer needs 
For example one similar to Uber from scratch
I am currently in between jobs
In My last position my responsibilities were to create functional mobile apps 
depending on the design
Hello, I am a full stack software engineer with 15 years of experience.
I have worked in big and small companies as well as in a e-commerce startup
Monitors and alarms for Amazon
I was working in the Amazon creative services team
The team was in charge of a service called painter
This service creates widgets to be inserted into the retail website
For product pages and marketing campaigns
We had problems with operational excellence
The monitoring and alarm strategy was based on region and marketplace
With this strategy we knew where the incident happened, but not what happened.
Every time we needed to go to the logs to see what happened.
This made our response time slower and made our on call more difficult.
I proposed to change our monitors and alarms to be based on region and widget.
This way, we would know which widget was exactly failing right away.
The pagers we would receive would say the region, and the widget.
For example, the latency of the carousel widget is failing in North America.
Knowing the widget, we can quickly know if it is a dynamic or a static widget.
If it was a dynamic widget, we could quickly check our downstream dependencies.
If it was a static widget we could quickly debug our service.
This without the need of diving deep into our logs.
Making our operational response time faster and our on call shift lighter.
there was some pushback from my team.
A senior engineer argued that it would be difficult to create and maintain new monitors.
My manager was concerned about how to make sure the new strategy worked.
To convince them, I created a tech design document including solutions for these concerns.
It contained a section introducing a script to automatically create and update monitors and alarms.
It also contained a section explaining the rollout.
I proposed a two week test period in which we will have both strategies working in parallel.
Just to make sure that the new strategy was completely reliable.
With this, I convinced my whole team and I was able to implement it.
After the implementation, our on call shift was lighter.
And we were able to solve issues, faster and more efficiently.
We were all happy that our on call work became easier and lighter.
Build together
A senior designer in our team requested help with a workshop
To help other designers Understand and learn about the steps 
that developers follow to create a Shopify app
she wanted an engineer to explain tech concepts
and help troubleshooting while the designers completed the workshop
I volunteered to help since public speaking is something that I want to get better at
I completed the workshop in advance to know all the steps in detail
Then I prepared the slides to explain the technical concepts used
I prepared demos and recordings to make it more engaging
I presented it first to my teammate, and she really liked it
Then I presented it to the Director of design 
On our organization To get his approval
I received a lot of good feedback from the first group I presented it to
due to the success, I presented two additional times to a total of 40 people.